NAME

Easy Chilli - 20 Mins - Nish - Serves 3 

INGREDIENTS

300G Gound Beef (Or more)
1/2 White Onion
2 Cloves Minced Garlic
1 Cup Chicken Stock
1/2 Cup Cheddar Cheese
1 TBSP Chilli Powder
1 Tin Tomatoes
1 Tin Kidney Beans

INSTRUCTIONS

Dice 1/2 Onion + Sauté on medium-high with oil for 5 mins and add garlic and chili powder
Season Ground beef with Salt Pepper and mix and cook with onion and garlic for 6-8 mins
Add Chicken stock, kidney beans, tomatoes and chilli flakes
Mix and simmer till  T H I Q U E
Serve and Enjoy

NAME

Creamy Chicken and Mushroom Pasta - 40 mins - Madge

INGREDIENTS

680G Diced Chicken Breast
Half White Onion
1 Cup Chopped Mushroooms 
3 Cloves Diced Garlic 
2 TBSP Paprika
1 TBSP Thyme
½ TBSP Salt
4 Cups Chicken Stock
250ML Cream
2 Cups Spinach
450G Pasta of choice
1 Cup Parmasean Cheese

INSTRUCTIONS

Season Chicken with Salt and Pepper and cook in pan with olive oil
Remove Chicken from the pan
Sauté Onions in pan with more oil for 5 minutes and add Garlic and Mushrooms
Add Paprika, Thyme and Salt
Add 4 Cups of Chicken Stock and 1 Cup of Cream
Add Pasta, stir and cover with tin-foil
Let rest for 15 minutes or till pasta is cooked
Return Chicken to the Pan along with 2 Cups of Spinach
Once Spinach has wilted ass Parmasan and Stir
Serve and Enjoy

NAME

Creamy Coconut Mushroom Chicken

INGREDIENTS

1 tablespoon avocado oil
2 small chicken breasts 425g thinly sliced
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
1/2 teaspoon dried chilli flakes
2 cups sliced mixed mushrooms shitake, cremini
1/2 cup full fat canned coconut milk
3 to 4 handfuls of fresh baby spinach
Sea salt and pepper to taste
Parsley or cilantro for garnish
Plain greek or coconut yogurt for garnish

INSTRUCTIONS

In a large non stick skillet, heat the avocado oil on medium-high heat.
Add the chicken strips to one side of the pan and sliced mushrooms on the other side. Season with garlic powder, turmeric, chilli flakes, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Stir and cover.
Cook the chicken on each side for 4 minutes, while tossing the mushrooms occasionally to sautė them. Depending on the thickness of your chicken you may need to cook for an extra minute or until no longer pink in the center.
Turn the heat up to high. Pour in the coconut milk and toss in the spinach. Stir, cover, and cook for another 2 minutes.
Uncover the pot, stir and let sit for 2 minutes with the heat turned off to thicken up sightly.
Serve on brown basmati rice or quinoa and garnish with fresh parsley or cilantro and a dollop of yogurt. Store any leftovers in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 3 days.

NAME

Chicken Terriaki with Fried Rice

INGREDIENTS

2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed
1 cup teriyaki sauce (240 mL)
2 teaspoons oil
½ cup onion (75 g), diced
1 tablespoon garlic, minced
½ cup carrot (60 g), diced
1 cup broccoli floret (150 g)
3 cups brown rice (690 g), cooked
2 tablespoons soy sauce
1 tablespoon sesame oil
pepper, to taste

INSTRUCTIONS

Marinate the chicken in teriyaki sauce in the refrigerator for at least an hour.
In a wok or deep skillet, add the chicken in the teriyaki marinade and cook thoroughly over high heat. Set aside.
In the same pan, add the oil and cook onions, garlic, and carrots until onions are translucent.
Add broccoli and cook an additional 3-4 minutes. Push all of the cooked vegetables to the side of the pan.
Add rice, cooked chicken, soy sauce, sesame oil, and pepper. Mix well and let the rice cook until slightly crispy.

NAME

Chicken Noodle Soup - 40 Mins - Nish 

INGREDIENTS

5 Carrots, Sliced
6 Celery ribs, Sliced
1 Onion, Diced
1 TBSP Thyme
1 TBSP Garlic
10 Cups Chicken Broth
4 chicken breast

INSTRUCTIONS

Mirepoix: dice onion, slice carrots & celery (if no leftover chicken) Into large pot sear chicken seasoned, take out set to the side and add 2 TB butter add in mirepoix cook down for like 5 mins
Once soft add ½ ts thyme, 1 TB minced garlic, mix it up
In goes 10 cup chicken broth, add some chilli flakes if u want sum heat
Bring to simmer and add chicken back in and it will finish cooking in there about 15 mins
Take out chicken slice up chicken or dice and add up back
Cook whatever noodles u want separately strain and add to soup
Season one last time with salt

Serve & eat

NAME

Chickpea Salad Sandwich

INGREDIENTS

15 oz chickpeas (425 g), 1 can, drained and rinsed
¼ cup red onion (40 g), diced
½ red bell pepper, diced
3 tablespoons vegan mayonnaise
½ teaspoon dijon mustard
½ teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon onion powder
salt, to taste
pepper, to taste
1 tablespoon fresh dill, chopped
leafy green, to serve
bread, sliced, to serve

INSTRUCTIONS

In a medium mixing bowl, add chickpeas and mash with potato masher until a chunky texture is reached.
Add the red onion, red pepper, vegan mayo, Dijon mustard, garlic powder, onion powder, salt, pepper, and dill, and stir until well combined.
Store chickpea salad in refrigerator for up to five days. To assemble sandwich, spread mixture onto bread and top with leafy greens of choice.
Wrap in parchment paper and secure with rubber band.

NAME

Chicken Rice and Bean Burritos

INGREDIENTS

6 flour tortillas
16 oz refried bean (455 g), 1 can
1 cup spanish rice (230 g), cooked
1 cup rotisserie chicken (125 g), shredded
1 cup shredded mexican cheese blend (100 g)

INSTRUCTIONS

Assemble the burritos by microwaving the flour tortilla for 20 seconds, and begin to layer burrito starting with refried beans, followed by the cooked rice, rotisserie chicken, and cheese.
Fold in the left and right sides of the tortilla and roll it up from the bottom, tucking the bottom edge under the filling. Wrap in parchment paper and label. Freeze up to 1 month.
To reheat from frozen, wrap the burrito in a damp paper towel and microwave for 2-3 minutes, flipping halfway or until the center is hot. Let stand 1 minute before eating.

NAME

Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Oat Bites

INGREDIENTS

½ cup unsalted smooth peanut butter
⅓ cup pure maple syrup
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1½ cups gluten-free old fashioned rolled oats
2 tablespoons ground flax seeds
½ teaspoon cinnamon
⅓ cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
Pinch of sea salt omit if using salted peanut butter

INSTRUCTIONS

In a large bowl, add the peanut butter, maple syrup and vanilla. Stir until smooth and well combined.
Add the oats, flax seeds, cinnamon, chocolate chips and a pinch of salt, if using. Stir until the dry ingredients are evenly coated with the wet mixture.
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Scoop out a heaping tablespoon of the mixture and roll into a 1 ½-inch balls. Transfer to baking sheet. Continue until all the mixture is used up.
Chill in the fridge for at least 30 minutes to firm up.
Store in an airtight container and enjoy 1 to 2 as a snack or dessert.

Calories: 448kcal | Carbohydrates: 29g | Protein: 37g | Fat: 21g

NAME

No idea m8

INGREDIENTS

For the Rice

3¾ cups cooked rice
For the Beef and Brussels
2 lbs ground beef 90/10
1 lb Brussels sprouts
½ medium onion
2 medium poblano peppers
1 tbsp minced garlic
1 tbsp red pepper flakes
4 stalks green onions optional for garnish
1 lime optional for garnish
1 tbsp oil

For the Sauce

¼ cup hot sauce I use Frank's Red Hot
1⅓ tbsp apple cider vinegar
5 tbsp honey
1½ tbsp cornstarch
water to thin if necessary

INSTRUCTIONS


For the Rice
Make enough rice to yield 3¾ cups of cooked rice. 1 cup of dry rice will make between 2-3 cups of cooked rice depending on what type of rice you use.
For the Beef & Brussels
Wash and cut all of your vegetables first.
Cut the stems off of your Brussels sprouts and remove any of the damaged outer layers. Cut them in half.
Cut the onion, green onions, and peppers into a small dice. Mince your garlic if you're using fresh.
Place the Brussels sprout halves into a large bowl and drizzle over ½ tbsp of oil. Season with salt and pepper to your liking.
Preheat your air fryer to 400°F.
Place the Brussels sprouts into the air fryer basket and air fry for 5-8 minutes or until they have browned and softened. Watch them closely so they don't burn. If you don't have an air fryer you could cook them in the oven.
In a large skillet over medium high heat, add ½ tbsp of oil and add the onions, peppers, and 1 of red pepper flakes. Cook for 3-5 minutes to brown and soften. Add in the garlic.
Move the onions and peppers to the perimeter of the skillet and add in your beef. Season with salt and pepper. Allow the beef to brown.
When the beef is cooking, prepare your sauce. Mix the honey, hot sauce, vinegar, and cornstarch together. Stir well to incorporate the cornstarch so it doesn't clump up.
When the beef is about 90% of the way cooked, add in the Brussels sprouts, pour in the sauce and mix into the beef allowing it to thicken. Stir to combine. If you feel that your sauce is too thick, you can drizzle in some water to thin it out.
Plating
This recipe makes 5 servings. Divide your ingredients evenly into your 5 containers. Each dish gets ¾ (112g) cup of cooked rice.
Top each dish with green onions and a lime wedge if you wish. I like to squeeze lime juice over the dish after reheating.
Nutrition
Calories: 620kcal | Carbohydrates: 63g | Protein: 44g | Fat: 21g